well howdy there Internet people its
bubble gun so today we got good news
today we're going to start off with
something uplifting certainly upload
more uplifting the stuff I normally talk
about because I read something and it
just boggles my mind I love it love it
so the northern white rhino
it's basically extinct it's gone for all
for all intents and purposes it's
extinct there's only two left out there
and there are mother and daughter that's
it in the species game over right well
no because scientists harvested their
eggs and they had frozen samples of Mel
northern white rhinos that are no longer
with us and the daughters eggs were
receptive and they have created two
embryos out of this that are now
currently frozen in liquid nitrogen and
they're gonna be transported back and
they're gonna be inserted into a
surrogate mom a southern white rhino to
hopefully carry on the species and bring
the species back it's amazing to me and
it's really weird at the same time
because man we are weird species humans
we are strange
the reason these things are targeted the
reason these things are going extinct
the reason they are in the danger
they're in is because their horns which
are basically made out of the same thing
your fingernails are but due to
superstition people believe they have
magical mystical healing powers that's
what they think and that's why they were
targeted and that's why we're in this
situation this ancient superstition
that's just not true
meanwhile while that's going on well
there are still people who believe that
we are basically Jurassic parking these
things back into existence it's amazing
it's amazing and it gives me hope for a
lot of the other problems we have in
this world you know we look at problems
like world hunger oh it's impossible
we'll never be able to fix it
now we can we just have to get this
mentality to the distribution system we
produce more food than we need we just
got to figure out how to get it where it
needs to be disease homelessness all of
this stuff it can all be solved it can
we just have to want to we just have to
want to and this isn't one of those
false dichotomy things like well why are
we trying to bring back the Rhino when
we have all of these other problems and
no we're an advanced species if we can
believe in superstitions like this and
this kind of technology if we can do
both of those at the same time we can
certainly work on world hunger disease
climate change homelessness
all of this stuff and save the rhinos I
think we can do it all we just have to
want to anyway we just have to keep
drinking anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day